Slide 2:
named after a recently deceased paternal uncle, David Thoreau.

Thoreau was about a year old the family moved to the nearby town of Chelmsford so that his father could open a grocery store. When the store failed, they moved to Boston where John Thoreau taught school. In 1823, the Thoreaus returned to Concord, where John Thoreau took over his in-laws' pencil factory. 

His mother took in borders, which is similiar to renting a room to someone

Thoreau was a serious young child, with such a grave demeanor that people jokingly called him "Judge."


Slide 3: factoids - a brief or trivial item of news or information

Thoreau rejected the ordinary career paths like law, medicine, or the church.

Thoreau struck up a remarkable friendship with the American Transcendtalist philospher Ralph Waldo Emmerson

Emmerson and his transcendtalism had a huge influence on thoreau. moreover,in 1845 emmerson allowed thoreau to build a cabin on his plot of woods that surrounded the nearby Walden Pond, a body of water that would later become the title of one of thoreau's most notable works. It was here that he pinned this inspiration text in which he argued that his escape to the pond was not simply a relaxing retreat to the forest, he settled there to "live deep and suck out the marrow of life" as he put it

"I went to the woods because i wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life. and see if i could not learn what it had to teach and not, when i came to die, discover that i had not lived".


after some time in the cabin, thoreau concluded that we only need very few things. he suggested that we think about our belongings in terms of how little we can get by with rather tahn how much we can get. he pointed out that walking the distance of a 30 mile train journey would take a day, and working to pay off the journey by train would take more than a day. Like emmerson, thoreau highly valued self-reliance.

economic independence from other people and from the government was crucial. he understood the human need for companionship, however he felt that too often people use others to fill gaps in our inner life that we are afraid to confront. the task of living alone was about becoming a good companionship for oneself. 

"Insist on yourself; never imitate." he wrote

most of all one should change oneself before trying to change the world.


animals, forests and waterfalls were inherently valuable both for their beuty and their role in the ecosystem. He beleived that we should look at ourselfs as nature looking into nature, rather than an external force, or the master of nature. Most of all nature provides the meaning that money, technology and others opinions cannot, by teaching us to be humble and more aware, by fostering introspection and self-dsicovery, this mental state and not money or technology proiveds real prorgess. 

"only that day dawns to which we are awak. there is more day to dawn. the sun is but a morning star."

perhaps the best testiment to thoreaus individual conteplation and personal authenticity is that his ideas lead him to powerful politcal conclusions. he argued that people are morally obliged to challenge a government that upholds hypocritical or flagrantly unfair laws. He turned to civil disobediance. 

"i ask for not at onec no government, but a better government."



