competence vs cockiness

company:health care organization that manages the way their enrollees receive health care services

why good for this position
-Ability to prioritize tasks and handle numerous assignments simultaneously
-Proficient in Microsoft Office and internet applications
-intermediary to fill gap
-gap between what inidivudals need and wat hospitals and and insuarance companies offer

I can generate tables, analyze data, make reports and answer questions with Microsoft Excel
many men

i can engineer failure, to find points of failure, and work around 

hyper simulate

information system the term is frequently used to refer to the interaction between people, processes, data, and technology

information management intern broad, is & it. 

keeps me up question of identity
most interested in how technology shape our identity and increase our capacities. 

most immediate application in education, increase cognitive capacity. our ability to doubt 
----------------------------------
Enterprise resource planning (ERP) is a process by which a company (often a manufacturer) manages and integrates the important parts of its business. An ERP management information system integrates areas such as planning, purchasing, inventory, sales, marketing, finance and human resources.
- kind of like automobile
-data silos, doesnt fit shared needs. usually accidental, buy software and doesnt integrate well or meet goals


--------------------------------
1. Learn and abide by all compliance requirements
2. Assist IS, IT and IT Administrative staff with projects
3. Develop and maintain strong business relationships to learn critical skills and behaviors necessary to work in a high-performing corporate environment
4. update and maintenance of information (data) in various online systems
5. creation and distribution of reports and extracts from various online systems
6. IS, IT team meeting and update progress tracking on priority items
7. other duties as assigned
------------------------------
yesterday did quality control & data entry

strengths: automation, simulation, dedication, honest, compassionate,

weakness: depend on highly functional relationships, willing to unsettle people 

normal compencations expected

------------------------------
internship last

Concierge Care
Coordination Model (C³), which promotes quality of care and
cost-effective outcomes by strategically aligning C³ team
members’ responsibilities to provide the necessary planning,
implementation, coordination, evaluation and monitoring
required to meet our members’ health needs.
