just asking to start a conversation,  a story. why dont you skate anymore?

ask where do you think he can use this/me?

thought whether or not i would even show myself. If i didnt it would just be advert, unpersonal. if i just show myself not really impressive. if im nude.. scary than i continued considering it and eventually i remembered your brand name 'Y&R' and it decided itself. 

i feel like i can draw different instagram crows than you

support a weed habit until im a bussiness owner/manager

support health. im dieing, we're both dieing. aubrey de grey

my dad find denants preferablly. if i do probably be teenagers causing more damage

this partner ship. you increase my exposure i increase yours 


they are gonna tell you wat you want to hear, fuck what you heard, its what you hearing

question master
data master


tell me the story behind some of this instagram photos

stops me from finding some1 else to do the job? do you want to be the best at what you do?

the information is yours, the systems that manage them are mine, you can have exclusive rights to them, but not reproduction rights

i want this to be a win-win but its really up to you, you run the show

i dont see any other in for me in the fashion industry. unless maybe kanye

do you feel like you missed out on alot of good things in your life


things we are not gonna do. focus on obvious the obviousy; completely assume its obvious. 
well thats obvious. but its actually the basis for learning, its called doubt. 

introduce to emmerson, thoreau, and krishnimurti

im a business, so i need to treat myself like a business

gotta make sure your the one i wanted to mentor me, might have to go over to rob and say wasup- heard hes tryna start somes(50-12) businesses over next 20 years

using you as a foot in, to get me the tools and skills, i help you get the information and financial security, know you have a wife(or wan marry)


i need your personality. you expose yourself, i cant do that, but im willing to learn.(females entrenauears, females want to listen to you). fk all that book shit tho. kinda. 

i can learn this stuff for you. your not gonna learn how to program. I am. I will teach you as I learn.

we are going to start recording you more often. now the key to recording. intilligent footage management. that includes uploading data to server

really bad lisp @ 14 min into #27

vizualiseme.com

what are your core values

buy yandr.com
yr.org
shortstorylong.com

dont have to tell ppl what i do for you. can be part of the job that i dont tell anyone, as its your information. 

pursuing there own self interest

if you keep talking about something ppl will game it
-no direct correlation to output

supervised machine learning

he has a assistant
show him my ankle

if i get this job ima drive miata hardtopout to la. got 6k gonna take out loan for 7k

ibm wants to do hundreds of pages a second
i just want to do a few pages, hundreds of times

intelligence coordinator. I will make sure you have the information you need, and if necessary use it for you. find the significane in the insignificant 

if u die ill carry on your information. this is a serious part, if i do i ask you do the same.

confirmation bias

im the closest thing to a career assistant
i want to design and develope theres technologies for myself, but if u give me a hand than for u as well

if u invest in me, and help me realize these personal and professional goals, u will recieve 10 fold
we can reshape the world

as a fashion company you arent shit. what if at some point you direct all your business's efforts towards some meaningful cause. with a young and reckless audience it would be contagious
leverage the power of data

i owe everything to my mom,dad,computer,runescape community, friends-- show me it is possible, and what it takes to make it happen.
with 100k listeners, i can talk to anyone(2:27)
honing on to who i am as a person

i dont have a very public life, so i hit rock bottom often. ive moved around alot

hiatus when i went to sister house staying on couch playing vid games. trust fund baby. done alot of drugs

im a wierdo. i made it, im there everyday. B/c i have this emotional baggage that everday is my last, come to terms with death- dont take myself that seriously ( big portion of that is meditating on history)

show em my neice and nephew

u gotta help me with my first instagram photo

make em feel like you will fight for em(maj key)

im thinking you go from hosting talks, to teaching lessons

examine your data. maybe even a small team
----------------
targeted full employment
the lucas curve, they learn how to game it if you keep target something ppl will game it

we all have to decide to reset the private server.