slow things down- great white shark

you breathe out and sweat fat.

bring a clothes pin- advanced technology
city garage next library
sustainability initiatives

have your computer on tv to show you botting wcing/fletch
bring ap environmental book

expect the plastic snake recycle. dont be stumpable

definains developer software, and ecognition

multivariate use of utc assessment. changes over time, politics division, financial division, etc


http://www.waterworld.com/
usgs map interface - water usage by state, by methods of withdrawl. shows trends overtime to help predict water demand. water use for iraguation more prominent on west
iphone recycling

nrwa waterpro apprenticeship program. 


HOW CAN THERE OWN PERSONAL GROWTH BE SYMBIOTIC WITH OURS

if i get this job i go home start a garden. plant some beans and maybe nuts

if i know i cant convince you to go green/vegan. fk it more power to you. cant beat em join em. jus know the grass is green on this side

if the launch codes during the cold were were a knife in suitcase and they stabbed some1 wouldnt do it. understand consequences. not to convict people of right and wrong, no right can be different than that of ones nature. understand that we live and answer to these questions evreyday of our lives and assist individuals in being mindful of the justice in their action. and the actions you take make you want to do more actions. understand what they expect of life and what life expects of them. interiority vs inferiority & superiority. crazy new shit, same old shit


every one dollar spent on water and hygene produces eight in societal health and productivey benefits.

'sustainability 101: what's it about?'
sustainability requires specific and concrete case-studies to become meaningful.
meeting the needs of current and future generations through a simultaneus achievement of social development, environmental protection and economic prosperity.

questions:

WPB WaterSmart online portal information features?

waterchamp public education program for hotels & motels?

RenewPACE projects, Open Market-based PACE finance program?

10k trees, go paperless billing free tree?

greenhouse gas reduction strategies, filler info??

Sustainability Advisory Committee(SAC) - jan 7 meeting- intern relation?
One water, one future.

high effeciency toilets?

What kinds of processes are in place to help me work collaboratively?

In what area could your team use a little polishing?
What’s the most important thing I can accomplish in the first 60 days?

do you have any concerns about my being successful in this position?

What is the next step in the hiring process?
When can I expect to hear back?

By when do you hope to make someone an offer?

When is the anticipated starting date for this position?

Whom should I reach out to if I have any further questions?
